# Geotrek-rando documentation

‹ Back to [Settings & customization](settings.md)

## settings.custom.json

> This file should remain a valid [JSON][] file.
> Remember to check its validity each time you alter it.

To apply changes after editing settings, launch bundling task again with running `npm run dist`

This file should be placed and edited in `custom/`.

### Minimal options

#### PLATFORM_ID

Type: `string` Default: `geotrek-rando`

This id is used as unique identifier for storing user data in browser.
It should be unique to avoid colliding with other geotrek-rando deployments.

#### API_URL

Type: `string` Default: `/tests/dataset`

This should reflect the URL of your data source.
It could be either a path pointing to a local directory containing static datas generated by Geotrek-rando (e.g. `/data`), or an absolute URI pointing to a Geotrek-admin API.

#### BACKOFFICE_URL

Type: `string` Default: _empty string_

Absolute URL to the Geotrek-admin instance used to post data from reporting form.

#### ENABLE_HTML_MODE

Type: `boolean` Default: `false`

Used to enable or disable AngularJS $location service html5Mode.

_See AngularJS documentation for more details about [using $location](https://docs.angularjs.org/guide/$location#hashbang-and-html5-modes)._

#### CENTER_LATITUDE & CENTER_LONGITUDE

Type: `float` Default: `44.83` & `6.34`

Used to center the map on your area. 

### Additional options

_See [additional settings][] for a complete list of options that can be edited._

### Facebook settings

_See [Facebook settings][] to learn how to create an APP ID._

[Additional settings]: settings-custom-json-all-options.md
[Facebook settings]: https://github.com/GeotrekCE/Geotrek-rando/issues/330#issuecomment-175538312
[JSON]: http://www.json.org/
